README.md, before:

# webpack_super
**Preinstalled _SASS_ & and _TypeScript_ for a quick web server start.**

This NodeJS project has `SCSS` and `TypeScript` preinstalled alongside `webpack` for a quick startup.

___

## Commands

Start the server in **development** mode:
`npm run start:dev`

Start the server in **production** mode:
`npm run start:prod`

Manually build the project:
`npm run build`

___

## Project structure

&#x1F4C1;src/ &nbsp;&#8594; Project source folder. The project files should reside inside that folder.

&#x1F4C1;dist/ &nbsp;&#8594; This folder will be created when the project will be built for the first time. It contains the compressed files sent to the client.

___

## License ##

This project uses **Apache License v2**: 
**Permissions**:

#### Commercial use: ####
&#9989; Distribution
&#9989; Modification
&#9989; Patent use
&#9989; Private use

#### Conditions: ####
&#10071; License and copyright notice
&#10071; State changes

#### Limitations: ####
&#10060; Liability
&#10060; Trademark use
&#10060; Warranty

___

Commit message:

added the installation part in readme

README.md, after:

# webpack_super
**Preinstalled _SASS_ & and _TypeScript_ for a quick web server start.**

This NodeJS project has `SCSS` and `TypeScript` preinstalled alongside `webpack` for a quick startup.

___
## Installation
To install the necessary package:
`npm install`
___

## Commands

Start the server in **development** mode:
`npm run start:dev`

Start the server in **production** mode:
`npm run start:prod`

Manually build the project:
`npm run build`

___

## Project structure

&#x1F4C1;src/ &nbsp;&#8594; Project source folder. The project files should reside inside that folder.

&#x1F4C1;dist/ &nbsp;&#8594; This folder will be created when the project will be built for the first time. It contains the compressed files sent to the client.

___

## License ##

This project uses **Apache License v2**: 
**Permissions**:

#### Commercial use: ####
&#9989; Distribution
&#9989; Modification
&#9989; Patent use
&#9989; Private use

#### Conditions: ####
&#10071; License and copyright notice
&#10071; State changes

#### Limitations: ####
&#10060; Liability
&#10060; Trademark use
&#10060; Warranty

___
